You came.
You told me to.
EPISODE 5
I missed you so much.
So did I.
Let's go in.
Do you want some coffee?
Sure.
Why are you acting
like you've never been here?
I know, right?
Just make yourself at home.
Shall I?
Bring me a good cup of coffee.
Well, don't get too comfortable.
You're doubting again, aren't you?
"Can I really be doing this?"
I closed my eyes
while walking down the hall
so that I won't see Gyeong-seon's place.
Gosh.
Do you know what this reminds me of?
You know how kids
invite their friends over
when their parents aren't home
and do things
that they're not supposed to do.
You mean things like this?
You startled me.
Seung-ho!
Is Jin-a working again today?
Who knows? She's not the type
to tell me what she is up to.
You didn't even eat breakfast today.
Have rice if you don't want noodles.
- It doesn't matter.
- Why doesn't it matter?
You should eat what you like more.
You're the pillar of the family
and the only child that makes me proud.
Let's go shopping after this meal.
I'll buy you some clothes, shoes,
and other things you need--
I want to go over to Jun-hui's place.
Why? You guys will just play games again.
It's not like that helps you study.
Mom, you just don't know.
You have to be smart to play those games.
And Jun-hui makes those games.
Why did he go to art school
if he's that smart?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm just saying no matter how smart he is,
you are in a different league from him.
You two have been friends
since you were kids,
so I won't tell you
to distance yourself from him,
but from now on,
you should try to befriend only those
who can benefit you in the future.
I just don't want you to struggle.
You need to be prepared
in advance so that--
I'm done.
You didn't even finish your food!
What's the matter with you?
You may not want to hear
these things right now,
but you'll eventually come to realize
that everything I said was right.
My gosh!
It's Gyeong-seon.
Can't you just ignore it?
This is the second time she's calling.
What were you up to?
Oh, I was on the phone
with one of my co-workers.
I see. I wanted to show you the sea.
Ta-da!
Isn't it amazing?
Yes, what a breathtaking view.
Did something happen? You seem down.
No, nothing happened.
I'm just jealous that you're there.
We should've come together.
This was organized by your company anyway.
Totally.
It looks like you're outside.
Where are you now?
It looks familiar for some reason.
Oh, I'm meeting someone here.
It's a park near the office.
What? Are you meeting a guy?
Unfortunately, no.
- Obviously. I shouldn't even have asked.
- Exactly.
I'm only away for a day,
so don't cry while I'm gone, okay?
Okay, Gyeong-seon.
- Let's talk soon.
- All right.
What's wrong?
I...
I have to use the bathroom.
Welcome back.
How can he be so nonchalant about it?
He's pretending to be,
but he must be very nervous.
The woman seems so nervous
that she doesn't know where to look
or where to place her hands.
But he isn't like that.
It seems like she's the only one in love.
If he shows that he is nervous,
the woman might feel anxious.
So he's hiding his emotions.
How would she know how he feels
about her if he doesn't say it out loud?
I'm sure he wants to do so.
But...
But what?
Words can't describe everything.
You're beginning to worry, aren't you?
This is why I don't say it out loud.
No matter how many times I say it,
you don't believe what I say
and ask me over and over again.
You should listen to me more.
"You should listen to me more"?
You're being cheeky. I'm older than you.
You're my girlfriend.
You always point things out.
I'm telling the truth.
Why? Do you want me to be
just your friend's little brother again?
Look at me.
No. I want to watch the movie.
I want to watch you.
I want to hold you.
I want to hold you closer, Jin-a.
It's unreal
that such a pretty lady
is right in front of me.
It feels real now, right?
Why can't you be serious for five minutes?
It's because I feel shy.
What are you shy about?
Aren't we past that stage?
Why you...
Can't you stay here tonight?
Mom, you should sleep in the bed.
Dad, you too. Don't sleep on the couch.
My goodness, I dozed off.
No, I wasn't sleeping.
How about some beer with your dad?
No, don't make mom scold you.
You should go to bed.
I'm not going to scold you. Go ahead.
No. I'll gain weight
if I drink late at night.
If you knew that much, how did drinking
at night become your daily routine?
Whatever.
You can drown yourselves in alcohol.
I don't care.
I'm going to sleep.
I give up.
I ran out of options.
I'm screwed.
Hey, that's cheating.
- Give it back.
- What...
Hold on, I'll...
What's wrong?
Here it is.
Call the game off.
This never happened.
We're here.
I'll go now.
Bye.
Now I really have to go.
You deserve that.
See you.
Bye.
Go on. See you.
Go on.
Dad, are you up already?
Yes. Were you outside?
Yes. I worked out.
You worked out?
Yes, I haven't been
feeling well these days.
And I couldn't fall back asleep
after I woke up.
So I went outside for a walk.
Next time, go out when it's bright
or take me with you.
I didn't go anywhere far.
I took a walk nearby.
- I'll go inside now.
- Okay.
- Hello.
- Good morning.
- Long time no see.
- Jin-a.
- Come on. Give me five.
- What?
Give me five.
I'm proud of you.
- What was that about?
- I heard you screwed Mr. Kong over.
I didn't screw him over.
Then what was it?
You rarely back out of such things.
What kind of person
did you guys think I was until now?
- A loyal servant.
- It's more like a loyal servant
who makes others look bad.
I'm just saying you did a good job.
I'm glad you're one of us now.
It's as if she just joined
a secret society.
Just know that you'll never
be able to join, Dong-u.
I don't even want to.
I want to join.
I have no intention to join,
but good luck.
Ms. Yoon.
Follow me.
What?
That's very unlike of "Ms. Tambourine."
- She's like a different person.
- I know.
They aren't just anyone, you know.
They are my relatives.
How am I going to face them now?
You can't just get away with this
with a simple apology. Do you understand?
I never apologized, sir.
Mr. Nam.
I am not exactly sure what I did wrong.
I took care of every single task
I had to take care of at the store.
Can you be more specific
about what I did wrong?
That's not what he's talking about.
Stop acting like you don't get it.
I'm just telling you that I did
what I had to do as a supervisor.
Anything else that's not related to that
isn't what I'm required to do.
Mr. Nam, is it wrong for me
to think this way?
Well...
As for your job...
Well, I never said you were wrong.
I'm just saying that there are times
when you have to...
Mr. Kong, why did you
deal with it that way?
You're not an amateur.
You could've just had drinks
with them over lunch.
Why did you have to make it
into a big deal?
I'm sorry, sir.
Hey.
Hitting on a girl sounds easy to do.
But no woman would just say yes to me
when I ask her out for a meal.
Then ask her to buy you a meal.
I don't even know
if she'll eat with me even if I buy.
So she'll definitely think it's a turnoff
if I ask her to buy.
It worked for me.
Gosh, you're being arrogant again.
Hey, come on.
Can you please try to hook me up with...
It's Ms. Yoon.
- You should go first.
- What are you...
I know she's your friend,
but don't meddle with her work.
I know that much.
You're such a troublemaker.
See you.
Don't just stand there and talk to me.
What's your problem?
Excuse me. Can I borrow a lighter?
Sorry, I don't smoke.
Oh, really?
Come to think of it,
I'm trying to quit myself.
Hey, it is you. What are you doing here?
Well, anyway...
Let's do better next time, okay?
What was that about?
- Why did he bring you here?
- Did you eat lunch?
What's wrong?
What?
What's wrong with you?
Hey, these things really work.
I couldn't hear a thing.
- What did he say? Did you hear?
- My gosh.
Do you want me to make sure that pervert
won't be able to set foot in the office?
You can't let him have his way.
I definitely won't.
I've become very brave, you know.
I can handle him myself.
With the earplugs?
No.
There's a handsome guy who protects me.
It's rewarding to hear that.
I'm going to see Gyeong-seon later today.
What about me?
She's actually a little mad at me
for putting off hanging out with her.
- Then I'll go with you.
- What?
I can be a good actor. Do you want to bet?
How about we each bet 50,000 won?
Deal.
Then you should get there before I do.
I'll join a bit later.
Look at you.
You have it all mapped out already.
Get going.
Are you crazy? We're at work.
My goodness.
We can just eat out.
Cooking is such a hassle.
Jin-a loves my braised spicy chicken,
you know.
It's been a while since I made it for her.
The date is...
Oh, right.
Were you outside of Seoul recently?
I found a receipt in the car.
It was from Myeoncheon,
the place on the way to Dangjin.
But the date on it was the same day
as when Jin-a was there for work.
I drove her there.
You did? Why?
I was struggling to come up with ideas,
so I wanted to get away for a day,
and I heard she was going there.
But why didn't you tell me?
Jin-a didn't tell me either.
It was nothing important.
You need this too, right?
Who puts cucumbers
in braised spicy chicken?
I guess you're right.
Oh, well.
You're here pretty early.
I am. Where's Gyeong-seon?
I'm here!
Hey.
Are you crazy?
Wait, my leg...
- For my business trip,
- Yes?
he gave me a ride because he wanted
to get away to brainstorm.
And I must say, he's a terrible driver.
This is why you shouldn't be nice
to just anybody.
She's not just anybody.
Jin-a is our family.
I'm going to make sure
that Jin-a meets a guy
who's extremely well-mannered
and faithful.
Look at you. Even just hearing that
makes your heart flutter, right?
Gosh, you're so silly.
I'm not kidding.
There's a guy I've been keeping an eye on.
One of my customers--
How much do you even know
about your customers?
Why are you trying to set her up
with any guy?
Don't think like that. He's been coming
to my store for a long time.
He also has a nice job.
Is that all that matters?
Then I'd qualify too.
We don't consider you a man.
Then am I a woman?
Why are you two bickering at each other
over something so silly?
And just so you know, I don't want
to date anyone for a while.
Why?
Is it because of Gyu-min?
You should just find yourself
a better guy and move on.
- Yes, I know. I know that,
- Gosh.
but I have no interest at the moment.
I'll figure it out.
Sure, whatever. Don't be ridiculous, okay?
I'm going to figure it all out for you
this time, so you just wait.
- Where are you going?
- What's this?
To get more booze.
Bring a lot of booze, okay?
I'll follow him and bring back
a ton of booze.
All right, you smart cookie.
You owe me 50,000 won.
You should've just told her
that we're seeing each other.
I was just so angry.
Already?
Just because of that?
And you tell me to trust you.
Why are you taking it like that?
Then was I supposed to just listen?
She'll set my girlfriend up with...
I mean, how can I tolerate you
going on a date with another guy?
Did I go on a date with another guy?
Did I even say
I will go on a date with him?
She's just saying that.
Why do you take it so seriously?
I don't even want her to talk about it.
Do you like me that much?
Yes.
Seo Jun-hui.
I do trust you.
And I'll always trust you.
So we should...
try not to let little things bother us,
okay?
Be professional, all right?
Okay.
You'd better not be like that
in front of Gyeong-seon ever again.
All right.
You're making it hard for me.
Here's a taxi.
- Get in, Jin-a.
- Okay.
I really enjoyed the dinner today,
Gyeong-seon.
Thanks so much. I'll get going.
- Call me as soon as you get home.
- Okay!
Get home safely.
- Please take her home safely.
- I will.
Let's go.
I have to buy cigarettes.
From now on, don't even suggest
putting on an act or making a bet.
I won't do it
even if the bet is for a million won.
What do you think?
It's no fun because I know that I'll win.
Besides, you won't even give me the money.
Don't laugh.
And what was with the face
when I was getting into the taxi?
Gyeong-seon was watching.
Anyway...
The shortcut?
Why do you want me to get off there?
Where are you now?
Thank you.
I can pay by credit card, right?
Yes, of course.
Would you like your receipt?
No, it's okay.
I just got off the taxi.
Where are you?
You're on your way?
I know I'm pretty, so I get why you're
worried when I go home alone at night,
but you're being overly protective.
I only came to get some exercise
because I ate too much.
Fine, I came
because I wanted to walk with you.
I wanted to have
the first kiss over there.
Who said I'd be okay with that?
I never said it'd be with you.
I was just kidding.
Don't be such an amateur, okay?
That doesn't even hurt
because I'm used to you smacking me.
I did hit you way too many times.
It's fine.
I'll help you become more resilient.
Okay.
You guys are adorable.
Our food is coming.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
- Is it good?
- It's so good.
I LOVE YOU, JIN-A
Hello.
It's for Ms. Yoon Jin-a on the 12th floor.
- Hello.
- I'm here to get my package.
Okay. Can you please fill in this form?
Thank you.
I LOVE YOU, JIN-A.
I'M SORRY. FORGIVE ME.
- He must love her a lot.
- It's so pretty.
Is this why Jin-a's
been acting so different?
- That's disappointing.
- Look at that.
Gosh, Ms. Yoon must be so happy.
When will I ever get one like this?
What is that?
Hey, Jun-hui. I have big news.
You know Jin-a who works downstairs?
Well, you call her by her name as well.
Anyway, I found out
that Ms. Yoon has a boyfriend.
- How do you know that?
- I was in the lobby.
Was it this big?
No, there was a flower bouquet this big.
And it said, "I love you, Jin-a."
Isn't this huge news?
Hey.
Where are you going?
Jun-hui.
Other than what I've gone through today,
there are new rules that need to be kept
at the stores,
so please review the new guideline
thoroughly.
And when you're hiring
new part-time workers,
you need to make sure they come here
and receive the basic training.
If you get caught not doing it,
we'll have to deduct points.
- Okay.
Thank you for your time.
- Thank you.
Let's eat lunch together
if you don't have any other plans.
I don't feel comfortable
eating with my superior.
- Let's just have some coffee.
- Okay.
Jun-hui.
- Hello.
- What are you doing here?
What?
What are you doing here?
I was here for a training session,
and Ms. Kang wanted
to have some coffee with me.
I see.
Did you two plan this?
Pardon?
No. What are you...
No, not at all.
I really wanted to have some coffee
with you.
I was joking. You took it too seriously.
Hey, how did you know I'd be here?
I didn't know.
I came to ask Jin-a for free coffee,
but I forgot she didn't come
to the office.
Can I get some free coffee with my sister?
Sure.
Yes, of course.
Oh, thank you.
How silly of me.
Come on in.
What's gotten into you?
You rarely ask for favors.
I did what I had to do to get some coffee.
This way, please.
Hello.
- Hello.
- What?
- She's the owner of the Suseo store.
She's Mr. Seo's older sister.
Se-yeong must have started hitting on him.
At this rate, she'll introduce him
to her parents soon.
Take a look at this.
I don't like changing things
including the people around me.
You make it sound like
I called you here to sell some stuff.
They're newly imported machines,
so I just wanted to show them to you
for future reference.
I didn't know you'd be like this
since you're quick-witted.
But you really take jokes seriously.
I'm normally good at taking jokes.
But I guess I don't feel comfortable
around you yet.
Can we meet more often
so that we can become close?
Aren't you here for coffee?
I was thinking about work.
- I think I need to go.
- Already?
You guys can take time
to talk to each other.
We see each other at home all the time.
- You should go.
- Thank you for this.
I'll see you at home.
Let me give you a tip.
Don't ever think he'll be easy to get.
He's not an easy one.
- Do you get it?
- Yes.
Why did you put money inside?
You didn't even break that many cups.
Don't do this again.
No, please take it. I made a mistake.
Just listen to me.
I already feel sorry
for making you work here.
You really don't have to do this
over a small mistake.
You didn't get hurt, right?
- You know how strong I am.
- Yes, I know.
- Hello, sir.
- Hi.
- Ms. Yoon.
- Why did you come all the way here?
You need to head back for our team dinner.
Let's go together.
I'm not going to go.
Why not? Did you really decide
to change yourself?
No, that's not it.
I already have plans for dinner.
Then I'm not going to go either.
I love you, but you sometimes
get on my nerves like this.
You're such a nuisance.
You need to go pick up the flowers anyway.
What flowers?
Didn't you check? I sent you a photo.
Oh, I forgot. You can't use your phone.
Flowers?
Your boyfriend sent you
a huge flower basket.
- My boyfriend?
- Look.
Isn't it pretty?
The employees went wild.
Look. It says, "I love you."
You drove here, right?
What? Ms. Yoon.
It's ready for your approval, sir.
- Where is it?
- It was right here.
I LOVE YOU, JIN-A.
I'M SORRY. FORGIVE ME.
JIN-A, I'M SORRY ABOUT EVERYTHING...
How can I ruin this asshole?
Should I report him as a stalker?
Where does he live?
What's wrong?
Is everyone here?
Mr. Jo is joining our team dinner tonight,
so everyone should come.
Ms. Yoon, did I make myself clear?
Let's go.
Yes, sir.
- All right.
- Let me, sir.
- I'll pour you one, sir.
- It's fine.
Ms. Yoon.
Jin-a.
Excuse me.
- What are you doing? Come over here.
- Excuse me.
Can we get another bottle of soju?
- A bottle of soju?
- And one extra glass, too.
- I'll do it, Mr. Kong.
- Ye-eun, sit down.
Hand it over. I'll do it.
Why are you just sitting there?
Stop it. Don't make a scene
in front of Mr. Jo.
Mr. Jo, I know that I'm being rude.
But I think it's time
we tighten employee discipline.
This isn't a team. There's no sense
of camaraderie among employees.
He's right, sir.
As I have told you before...
an organization should be--
Run properly, I know.
So, what do you suggest we do?
Well, I think...
A gathering like this is an opportunity
to teach them that they should
strictly follow their superiors' orders...
Dong-u.
Yes, Ms. Jeong.
Come and help.
Yes, ma'am.
You are referring
to something like this, right?
Can we get some water?
Gosh, Ms. Jeong.
You've become bolder after acting up once.
I'm sorry. I really have to be somewhere.
Go on.
Ms. Jeong.
- About earlier...
- Save it.
I should thank you
for not acting like you used to do.
Now I realized
that I had been so pathetic.
You really were.
I really do regret being like that.
Thank goodness you came around. Great job.
You're seeing someone, right?
Sorry?
You look prettier these days.
I took him home once when he was drunk.
I don't know if he still lives here.
You must have been really close.
You even took him home.
Do you think I wanted to?
It was because Jin-a insisted.
Don't say anything.
I'm getting even more annoyed.
This is it.
Hey, don't hurt him.
We don't want any trouble.
- Let's talk it out, okay?
- A guest has arrived.
Hey!
Shit.
What the...
He's a real asshole.
What the hell are you doing?
You fucking pervert!
Do you want to die?
I told you to stay away from her!
Why do you care?
Hey!
I'm going to kill you!
I told you to stay the away from her.
Why the hell do you care?
Hey.
Go ahead and report us
for trespassing and property damage.
Then I'll put you in jail for all those
on top of stalking and sexual assault.
What? Sexual assault?
- What did you do to my sister?
- Wait.
Seung-ho, I can explain.
Go ahead and report me for this,
you asshole!
Are you okay?
It just grazed me.
What was that about sexual assault?
Was Jin-a really harassed?
He caused a scene at the store.
Isn't it obvious?
That little shit.
Shouldn't we report him to the police?
What if this happens again?
It shouldn't.
How can we make sure it doesn't?
I barely made time today.
I have to get back right away.
I'll take care of it.
Hey. You have work to do too.
Gosh, Jin-a is giving me a headache.
Hey, don't do it.
Why not? I should tell her to get a grip.
There's someone else to blame for this.
Why would you get mad at her?
Don't let her know of this.
You'll stress her out if you do.
Okay?
Do you understand?
You act like you are her little brother.
Jin-a shouldn't date anyone
since all she does is getting in trouble.
Damn it.
Gyeong-seon, where are you?
Oh, you're home? What are you doing?
You're drinking? With whom?
Alone.
Why? Do you want to come?
Do you miss me already?
Yes.
I'm going to steal some beer
from Jun-hui's place.
Yes.
You can come too if you want.
What?
Talk louder.
Where are you calling from?
I'm still working.
I'm at work.
You're at the office?
Gosh, why are you working until so late?
But then again, it's not just you.
I'm not even sure if he is not back yet
or went back out.
He always tells me
that he works until late.
I think he's dating someone in secret.
Have you not noticed
something different about him?
Hello?
Jin-a?
Where are you? Are you busy?
You're not picking up.
Why aren't you picking up?
Can you answer my call?
I'll go to your place.
Is someone chasing you?
What are you doing at my place?
Your place?
Your place is my place.
I'm tired. Please leave.
Let me finish my beer. Let go of me.
Just take that home.
Take this one too.
Drink up and sleep tight.
No, I'm just going to finish this.
Go on.
Can I please go after I finish this?
Please, my brother?
Okay, fine.
I don't know what you're angry about,
but don't take it out on me.
I'm going to kill you tomorrow.
You are so mean. My gosh.
Bye. Good night.
You can come out now.
What's wrong?
Why are you crying?
What's--
I can't stand up
because I have a foot cramp.
Oh, gosh.
Come here.
Oh, no.
What took you so long?
I'm sorry. I really am.
I'm sorry.
My gosh.
You should've gone home.
Why did you come here?
Did you miss me that much?
I checked the security footage.
What did you do with the flowers?
I threw them away.
You threw them away? Where?
Why? Do you want them?
Yes, I want them so badly.
I thought you'd only be bothered by it,
so I just threw them out.
And I figured you'd understand.
I do understand.
And I'm also grateful.
But I don't want to bother you
with something like that either.
It's better to take care of it on my own.
It only ended up bothering you again.
It doesn't bother me.
After all, you're here with me.
Then why didn't you pick up the phone
all day?
You were out of touch.
I had a busy day at work.
Next time, I'll let you know beforehand.
You'd better do that.
Otherwise, I'm going to take revenge
and just disappear.
And hide in my closet again?
You should hang yourself
on a hanger next time.
I bet no one will notice.
You're so mean.
Come here.
Don't ever hide like that again.
I felt so sorry.
I had nowhere else to hide.
I'll make sure
you never have to hide again.
I promise.
- Are you doing it right?
- I am.
Let me see.
What is this?
What?
I'm going to do it myself.
My, that's really pretty.
You look so cute now.
Oh, no.
Where are my clothes?
Oh, gosh. What time is it now?
What? Hang on.
Where did it go?
Why didn't the alarm go off?
Hold on.
Dad.
Did you go out to exercise?
Yes.
Jin-a.
I want you to...
I lied.
I want to let the world know
that you're mine because you're so pretty.
I'll turn 40 soon.
List ten reasons why you like me.
I like you because it's you.
There are no other reasons.
My gosh!
Those who date secretly
always make it more obvious.
What's wrong?
Are you also guilty of something?
Only the victim would know.
We should be careful?
We didn't even do anything.
What the heck is going on?
What is it? What happened?
- Jun-hui saw this?
- Let go of me!
- What is it?
- Gyeong-seon will probably go berserk.
- Well, I think she's seeing someone.
- Yes?
Really?
Until when do we have to keep it
from everyone? We should just--
For just a little longer.
Let's wait just a bit longer.
Subtitle translation by Lee Ja-won